README.md, before:

# 🚀 iOS Security Framework Pro

**Enterprise-Grade Security for Swift & iOS**

---

## 🌟 Overview

iOS Security Framework Pro is the world's most advanced, professional, and comprehensive Swift security framework. Built for developers, enterprises, and the open-source community, it delivers robust, scalable, and modern security solutions for iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications.

- 100% Swift, modular, and extensible
- Clean Architecture & SOLID Principles
- Biometric authentication (Face ID, Touch ID)
- Keychain management & secure storage
- Advanced encryption (AES-128/256, ChaCha20, RSA-4096)
- Network security (SSL/TLS pinning, API auth, DDoS protection)
- Real-time threat detection & audit logging
- 100% test coverage (unit, UI, integration)
- World-class documentation & examples

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

- **Sources/**: Core, Security, Encryption, Network modules
- **Tests/**: Unit, Security, UI, Integration tests
- **Examples/**: Basic & Advanced usage
- **Documentation/**: Getting Started, Security, Encryption, Network, Authentication, Testing

```
Sources/
  ├─ Core/
  ├─ Security/
  ├─ Encryption/
  └─ Network/
Tests/
  ├─ UnitTests/
  ├─ SecurityTests/
  └─ UITests/
Examples/
  ├─ BasicExamples/
  └─ AdvancedExamples/
Documentation/
  ├─ GettingStarted/
  ├─ Security/
  ├─ Encryption/
  ├─ Network/
  ├─ Authentication/
  └─ Testing/
```

---

## ✨ Features

- **Biometric Authentication**: Face ID, Touch ID, policy management
- **Keychain Management**: Secure storage, accessibility, key rotation
- **Encryption**: AES-128/256, ChaCha20, RSA-4096, hybrid encryption, hardware acceleration
- **Network Security**: SSL/TLS pinning, JWT/OAuth2, rate limiting, DDoS detection
- **Threat Detection**: Real-time monitoring, brute force, suspicious activity
- **Audit Logging**: Event tracking, severity, secure log storage
- **Performance**: Optimized for speed, memory, battery, and scalability
- **Compliance**: GDPR, HIPAA, best practices

---

## 📦 Installation

### Swift Package Manager (Recommended)

```swift
.package(url: "https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro", from: "1.0.0")
```

Or add via Xcode: `File > Add Packages...` and enter the repo URL.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

See [Documentation/GettingStarted/README.md](Documentation/GettingStarted/README.md) for a full guide.

```swift
import SecurityFrameworkPro

let biometricAuth = BiometricAuthenticator()
let availability = biometricAuth.checkAvailability()

let keychainManager = KeychainManager()
try keychainManager.store(data: "secret".data(using: .utf8)!, forKey: "key")

let encryptionManager = EncryptionManager()
let encrypted = try encryptionManager.encrypt(data: Data(), algorithm: .aes256, keySize: .bits256)
```

---

## 🧑‍💻 Examples

- [Basic Examples](Examples/BasicExamples/BasicSecurityExamples.swift)
- [Advanced Examples](Examples/AdvancedExamples/AdvancedSecurityExamples.swift)

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Getting Started](Documentation/GettingStarted/README.md)
- [Security](Documentation/Security/README.md)
- [Encryption](Documentation/Encryption/README.md)
- [Network](Documentation/Network/README.md)
- [Authentication](Documentation/Authentication/README.md)
- [Testing](Documentation/Testing/README.md)

---

## 🧪 Testing

- 100% unit, UI, and integration test coverage
- See [Tests/](Tests/) for all test files

---

## 🛠️ Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

---

## 📝 Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for version history.

---

## 📄 License

MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

---

## 🔖 GitHub Topics

`swift` `ios` `security` `encryption` `biometrics` `keychain` `network-security` `ssl` `tls` `cryptography` `audit-logging` `threat-detection` `spm` `framework` `clean-architecture` `professional` `enterprise`

---

> **iOS Security Framework Pro** is built to the highest standards. For details, see [GLOBAL_AI_STANDARDS.txt](GLOBAL_AI_STANDARDS.txt).

Commit message:

🔧 README improvements: Add Project Statistics/Stargazers/Acknowledgments, improve star messages

README.md, after:

# 🚀 iOS Security Framework Pro

**Enterprise-Grade Security for Swift & iOS**

---

## 🌟 Overview

iOS Security Framework Pro is the world's most advanced, professional, and comprehensive Swift security framework. Built for developers, enterprises, and the open-source community, it delivers robust, scalable, and modern security solutions for iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications.

- 100% Swift, modular, and extensible
- Clean Architecture & SOLID Principles
- Biometric authentication (Face ID, Touch ID)
- Keychain management & secure storage
- Advanced encryption (AES-128/256, ChaCha20, RSA-4096)
- Network security (SSL/TLS pinning, API auth, DDoS protection)
- Real-time threat detection & audit logging
- 100% test coverage (unit, UI, integration)
- World-class documentation & examples

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

- **Sources/**: Core, Security, Encryption, Network modules
- **Tests/**: Unit, Security, UI, Integration tests
- **Examples/**: Basic & Advanced usage
- **Documentation/**: Getting Started, Security, Encryption, Network, Authentication, Testing

```
Sources/
  ├─ Core/
  ├─ Security/
  ├─ Encryption/
  └─ Network/
Tests/
  ├─ UnitTests/
  ├─ SecurityTests/
  └─ UITests/
Examples/
  ├─ BasicExamples/
  └─ AdvancedExamples/
Documentation/
  ├─ GettingStarted/
  ├─ Security/
  ├─ Encryption/
  ├─ Network/
  ├─ Authentication/
  └─ Testing/
```

---

## ✨ Features

- **Biometric Authentication**: Face ID, Touch ID, policy management
- **Keychain Management**: Secure storage, accessibility, key rotation
- **Encryption**: AES-128/256, ChaCha20, RSA-4096, hybrid encryption, hardware acceleration
- **Network Security**: SSL/TLS pinning, JWT/OAuth2, rate limiting, DDoS detection
- **Threat Detection**: Real-time monitoring, brute force, suspicious activity
- **Audit Logging**: Event tracking, severity, secure log storage
- **Performance**: Optimized for speed, memory, battery, and scalability
- **Compliance**: GDPR, HIPAA, best practices

---

## 📦 Installation

### Swift Package Manager (Recommended)

```swift
.package(url: "https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro", from: "1.0.0")
```

Or add via Xcode: `File > Add Packages...` and enter the repo URL.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

See [Documentation/GettingStarted/README.md](Documentation/GettingStarted/README.md) for a full guide.

```swift
import SecurityFrameworkPro

let biometricAuth = BiometricAuthenticator()
let availability = biometricAuth.checkAvailability()

let keychainManager = KeychainManager()
try keychainManager.store(data: "secret".data(using: .utf8)!, forKey: "key")

let encryptionManager = EncryptionManager()
let encrypted = try encryptionManager.encrypt(data: Data(), algorithm: .aes256, keySize: .bits256)
```

---

## 🧑‍💻 Examples

- [Basic Examples](Examples/BasicExamples/BasicSecurityExamples.swift)
- [Advanced Examples](Examples/AdvancedExamples/AdvancedSecurityExamples.swift)

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Getting Started](Documentation/GettingStarted/README.md)
- [Security](Documentation/Security/README.md)
- [Encryption](Documentation/Encryption/README.md)
- [Network](Documentation/Network/README.md)
- [Authentication](Documentation/Authentication/README.md)
- [Testing](Documentation/Testing/README.md)

---

## 🧪 Testing

- 100% unit, UI, and integration test coverage
- See [Tests/](Tests/) for all test files

---

## 🛠️ Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

---

## 📝 Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for version history.

---

## 📊 Project Statistics

<div align="center">

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro?style=social)](https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro?style=social)](https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro/network)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro)](https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro/issues)
[![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro)](https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro/pulls)

</div>

## 🌟 Stargazers

[![Stargazers repo roster for @muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro](https://reporoster.com/stars/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro)](https://github.com/muhittincamdali/iOS-Security-Framework-Pro/stargazers)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Apple for the excellent iOS security APIs
- The Swift community for inspiration and feedback
- All contributors who help improve this framework
- Security best practices and standards
- Cryptography and encryption techniques

## 📄 License

MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

**⭐ Star this repository if it helped you!**

---

## 🔖 GitHub Topics

`swift` `ios` `security` `encryption` `biometrics` `keychain` `network-security` `ssl` `tls` `cryptography` `audit-logging` `threat-detection` `spm` `framework` `clean-architecture` `professional` `enterprise`

---

> **iOS Security Framework Pro** is built to the highest professional standards.
